translations/greek/README.md, before:

Grim Fandango: Remastered (PC) Unofficial Greek Translation
---

[Διαβάστε τις ελληνικές οδηγίες εδώ.](README-GR.md)

This is an updated, converted version of the original fan-made Greek translation patch, that was created for the original Grim Fandango (1998).

You can download that [original patch here](orig/grim_fandango_greek_subtitles_patch_1_0b.exe). ( not for the remastered version! )

### Status (100%*)

The game translation is complete, except for:
- the newly added Documentary
- some UI text strings specific to the Remastered version

### How to install Greek language for Grim Fandango: Remastered
Copy all the files from [the folder named `files`](files), in your game installation directory, replacing all files.

**Note: Installing any language will overwrite the English language. This has been tested only on the GoG release.**

### About

The original translation was done by "The Grim Fandango Greek Translation Team" in May, 2007. 

Small fixes and the conversion to the Remastered version was done by [iokaravas](https://github.com/iokaravas).

**Members of the original translation team:**
- Manuel
- gtsamour
- Praetorian
- Vrok
- Lewto

**Beta Testers for the original release:**
- grgmls

Contact Info of the original translation team: [manuelc@in.gr](mailto:manuelc@in.gr)

---

The Greek translation uses fonts created by [Myrto Orfanoudaki - aka-acid.com](https://www.aka-acid.com/)

Commit message:

Added release link for download

translations/greek/README.md, after:

Grim Fandango: Remastered (PC) Unofficial Greek Translation
---

[Διαβάστε τις ελληνικές οδηγίες εδώ.](README-GR.md)

This is an updated, converted version of the original fan-made Greek translation patch, that was created for the original Grim Fandango (1998).

You can download that [original patch here](orig/grim_fandango_greek_subtitles_patch_1_0b.exe). ( not for the remastered version! )

### Status (100%*)

The game translation is complete, except for:
- the newly added Documentary
- some UI text strings specific to the Remastered version

### How to install Greek language for Grim Fandango: Remastered
Extract all the files from the latest [release for the Greek translation zip file](https://github.com/iokaravas/Grim-Fandango-Remaster-Translation/releases/latest/download/grim-fandango-remastered-greek-lang.zip), in your game installation directory, replacing all files.

**Note: Installing any language will overwrite the English language. This has been tested only on the GoG release.**

### About

The original translation was done by "The Grim Fandango Greek Translation Team" in May, 2007. 

Small fixes and the conversion to the Remastered version was done by [iokaravas](https://github.com/iokaravas).

**Members of the original translation team:**
- Manuel
- gtsamour
- Praetorian
- Vrok
- Lewto

**Beta Testers for the original release:**
- grgmls

Contact Info of the original translation team: [manuelc@in.gr](mailto:manuelc@in.gr)

---

The Greek translation uses fonts created by [Myrto Orfanoudaki - aka-acid.com](https://www.aka-acid.com/)
